hey guys the same here and today i bring
you a slightly different video today i'm
going to be talking about enchanted
forest by Johanna Basford if you haven't
heard of this book already this is a
coloring book designed for adults great
thing about this book is that you can
spend as little or as much time as you
like doing it you can literally sit down
for five minutes and color a little
section in or you can sit for hours and
just color as much as you want I think
the idea behind this book is you get
really drawn in and really want to focus
and get immersed in the colorings that
you're doing so I'm hoping to insert a
clip here so you can see some of the
illustrations that are inside the book
as you can see the illustrations are
absolutely gorgeous jarana bass Rodgers
obviously spent a long time at deciding
what she's gonna put in this book and
you can really see it really pays off
for now on to the more creative side of
the video I'm actually gonna show a clip
of me coloring one of these
illustrations and then the final image
at the end though if you're interested
in that then stay tuned
so finally here is the completed
coloring of the illustration I know it's
not perfect but I tried I'm actually
really happy with the way it turned out
and since filming that clip I've
actually done another one since then so
I'm really happy with the ones that I've
done so far as I said before what I
really love about this book is that you
can dip in and out and you don't have to
sit for hours if you don't want to use
two illustrations in total probably took
me a couple of hours to do see the great
value you get from this book because
it's going to take me ages to finish it
all this is the latest book villain has
done but she's also done another one
called The Secret Garden i'm hoping to
get that one once i finish this one the
last thing I'd like to say about this
book is the page quality is really good
it's quite thick paper that is printed
on even though I was only using coloring
pencils I think even if you use felt
tips or gel pens or something it
wouldn't believe through to the other
pages you can color every surface of
this book the front the back the end
papers they're just all you can just
color everything it's amazing so that's
everything for this video I hope you
enjoyed the slightly different format
let me know down below if you've joined
the adult coloring craze as always I
will leave links to everything down
below I hope you're having a fantastic
day and I will see you soon bye so the
first seven books I've got show you or
either graphic novels or comic series
until a couple of months ago I had never
read any graphic novels or comic book
series so I don't really know a lot
about the